Clarify ISO mdoc Handover structure. (#419)
openid/OpenID4VP: openid-4-verifiable-presentations-1_0.md

  OpenID4VPDCAPIHandoverInfoHash ; A cryptographic hash of OpenID4VPDCAPIHandoverInfo
]

; Contains the sha-256 hash of OpenID4VPDCAPIHandoverInfoBytes
OpenID4VPDCAPIHandoverInfoHash = bstr

; Contains the bytes of OpenID4VPDCAPIHandoverInfo encoded as CBOR
OpenID4VPDCAPIHandoverInfoBytes = bstr .cbor OpenID4VPDCAPIHandoverInfo

OpenID4VPDCAPIHandoverInfo = [
  origin,
  client_id,
  nonce
] ; Array containing handover parameters

client_id = tstr

origin = tstr

nonce = tstr
```

The `OpenID4VPDCAPIHandover` structure has the following elements:

* The first element MUST be the string `OpenID4VPDCAPIHandover`. This serves as a unique identifier for the handover structure to prevent misinterpretation or confusion.

> * The second element MUST be a bytestring which contains the sha-256 hash of the bytes of `OpenID4VPDCAPIHandoverInfo` when encoded as CBOR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The second element MUST be a byte string which contains the sha-256 hash of the bytes of `OpenID4VPDCAPIHandoverInfo` when encoded as CBOR.
```
